# Nouns Esports

**Goal**
Proliferate Nouns through esports initiatives, starting with the signing of a professional Dota 2 roster.

**Description**
Dota2 is a multi-decade-old esport that is currently being developed by Valve Software. They host the single largest prize pool tournament in esports, The International. The latest purse for this annual tournament was around $40 million USD. To qualify for The International, you participate in the Dota Professional Circuit (DPC) 2 league which takes place throughout the year. This is mostly an online, regional format, but each season culminates in an international LAN called a Major.

One of the first initiatives of our esports pod will be to sign “4 Zoomers” 3, a Division 1 North American DPC team.

**Budget: 35 ETH**

The majority of this budget will be used to compensate the roster of five players, their manager and coach for the upcoming DPC season. The team has agreed to sign from the day the proposal is voted-in until the end of the third DPC season, July 17.

We will be working with former player and caster Brax to to act as an ambassador and liaison within the Dota community. He will be hosting and casting at least two different Nouns branded Dota tournaments.

Some of the players stream individually via Twitch. We will create assets for their on-stream overlay.

**Administrative Multisig**
Brennen
Sasquatch
Maty
Goldy
Wag

**Deliverables**
Tournament stream viewership - Their most recent series from April 16th has 283,352 views on the VOD via Twitch. Live tournament broadcasts regularly have tens of thousands of concurrent viewers

1. Individual stream viewership - Some of the players on the roster regularly stream on their own while practicing (hundreds or thousands of concurrent viewers)

2. In game branding - Dota allows for DPC teams to have in-game branding through assets placed inside of the game’s landscape. Nouns branding will be visible in game as the team competes.

3. Name branding - The team will rebrand from 4 Zoomers to **Nouns Dota**.

4. Player name branding - Player names will include a Nounish sponsor tag. e.g. **Gunnar.⌐◨-◨**

I am happy to report the team has offered us “Right of First Offer” for the upcoming Major and The International.

The road to TI for the team is as follows:

Achieving a top 2 placement in DPC North America (June 6 - July 17) qualifies them for the Major LAN in Arlington Texas (Aug 4 - 14th)
Performing well at the Major qualifies them for The International.(date TBD)

**Future**
If this pilot is deemed successful by Nouns, potential next steps include signing this Dota roster for an extended term, signing other gaming teams or esports athletes, and fleshing out an esports-focused subDAO.
