# Nouns DAO esports - Pokémon Unite expansion & BLVKHVND partnership trial 

- Pokémon Unite team for 3 months 
- Lots of Noun representation on twitch & youtube 
- Mini documentary series following the tournament during their London trip 
- Competing in $550,000USD worth of events over the next 3 months 
- Trial and introduce BLVKHVND as operational partner for Nouns esports. 
- Direct results and exposure between now and the end of August, no delay due from ‘building’ 

**Goal:** 

To expand the Nouns DAO esports division operations and increase the audience reach for the nouns brand using the diverse, engaged global audience that gaming and esports presents. Additionally, to trial BLVKHVND as an operational partner for Nouns DAO esports. 

**Pokémon Unite:** 

Pokémon Unite released in June 2021 and is a MOBA for Nintendo Switch and Mobile. Currently the Unite Championship Series (UCS) season 1 is underway with 1 monthly final, the regional championships ($50,000USD prize pool) and the world championship ($500,000USD prize pool) remaining until the conclusion of the season. 

The official Pokémon Unite twitch channel shows 36 hours streamed over the last month with an average viewer count of 2,398 and a peak viewer count of 20,574. That peak occurred during the European AEOS Cup finals, which our proposed team won first place in. Due to that we can assume that the European Regional Finals and especially the Pokemon World Championships will beat that viewer count. 

**The Proposed Team:** 

The proposed team we are looking to acquire is known as Random Gaming who have consistently placed 1st or 2nd in all European UCS events to date, including winning the AEOS Cup and the $20,000USD first place prize, with the top 2 teams from European Regional Championship qualifying for the World Championship on August 19th-21st in London we are confident in the team’s ability to qualify for this event. 

The team consists of five players who are; 

ADESu (Spain) - https://twitter.com/ADESuUnite 1 - Twitch 
Redmaw (Norway) - https://twitter.com/redmaw_ 1 - Twitch 
Bruv (England) - https://twitter.com/BruvHD 3 - Twitch 1 
Gyz (Spain) - https://twitter.com/Cepriii 1 - Twitch 
Ghatlue (Germany) - https://twitter.com/Gatlue 1 - Twitch 

At the time of writing this proposal, the team in total has 976 hours streamed on twitch in the last three months with a team average of 56 viewers at any given time. Most notably is BruvHD who averages 167 viewers throughout his streams in this three month period. 

**The Proposed Agreement:** 

This proposal consists of a three month agreement with the team which will have them representing Nouns DAO for the remainder of the UCS. This agreement will consist of a signing bonus and funding a boot camp in London on the 15th - 20th of June in the lead up and during the European Regional Finals. This boot camp will be documented by a videographer to produce a mini series and various other forms of video content for the Nouns community to engage with and to spread Nouns around the gaming and Pokémon Unite community, we would be looking to utilize the Nouns DAO marketing studio, however we do have alternative options locally to London. 

**BLVKHVND:** 

BLVKHVND are the first decentralized esports organization, fielding teams through Halo, Counter Strike, Pokémon Unite, Apex Legends, Rogue Company and Blood hunt. Being knowledgeable in both the esports/gaming industry but also the web3 industry we are in a unique position to be able to contribute to this project with in depth understanding of both elements. Our involvement would be being the point of contact for the team, organizing and executing all the elements of this proposal and working alongside the existing Nouns DAO esports contributors in Sasquatch, Brennen and Brax to scale the current Nouns esports resources and continue to develop and improve the operations as well as increase our branding image and implementation of Nouns culture throughout the operation. 

Our tasks include but are not limited to; 

- Organizing and executing the Bootcamp in London on 15th - 20th of June, this consists of booking flights, accommodation, training facility, media for content creation and having a staff member on site to monitor and assist. 
- Working with the players and media contributors to create engaging content and roll out on YouTube and Twitter. 
- Monitoring events throughout the three month period and posting results to Twitter. 
- Networking with the existing Pokémon Unite community to spread the Nouns brand through additional tournaments and media opportunities. 
- Using BLVKHVND in-house media team in potential collaboration with the Nouns media studio to implement Nouns branding to the players social media accounts and content platforms such as youtube and twitch, this consists of banners, profile pictures and stream assets. 
- Using BLVKHVND in-house media team in potential collaboration with the Nouns media studio to create engaging images and short form video to post to twitter during tournaments to drive engagement and viewership to Nouns esports tournament performances. 
- Maintaining consistent communications with all the players on the team to ensure smooth operations throughout the agreement and guarantee a positive interaction between the team and Nouns esports. 
- Pending qualification for Pokémon World Championships in London on August 19th - 21st, organizing all flights and accommodation in collaboration with the Pokémon Company. During the event having a staff member escorting the team to assist them with anything they require. 
- Pending qualification for Pokémon World Championships in London on August 19th - 21st, organizing media for content creation surrounding the London event and working alongside them to roll out the media. 
- BLVKHVND sourced the team presented in this proposal, negotiated on the proposed offer and constructed the proposal presented. \* All the expenses listed above being the labour, travel and accommodation are covered in the BLVKHVND management services fee. This includes the labour cost of designers, editors and videographers. The proposed fee will cover the full three months of operation. 

**Content Creation Expenses:** 

The proposed allocated amount for content creation expenses is 1.5ETH, this is to cover travel and accommodation for videographers to London for the boot camp and potentially for the Pokémon World Championship pending qualification. The videographer will be paid for their time out of the BLVKHVND management services budget, however their travel expenses are separated. 

**Budget:** 

3 month salary & signing bonus - 2 ETH per player (10 ETH total) 

Bootcamp cost (Flights, accommodation & facility hire) - 3 ETH 

Content creation expenses - 1.5 ETH 

BLVKHVND operational management services - 7.5 ETH 

Total: 22 ETH 

**Multi-Sig:** 

Brennen.eth (Nouns Esports DAO) 
Sasquatch (Nouns Esports DAO) Brax (Nouns Esports DAO) 
Sirsu (BLVKHVND) 
Teelon (BLVKHVND)
